hello friends and welcome to my
channel my home channel dedicated to development
your site and your business as well
how to make money online and
poop different problems online
problem is our website today we
Consider such a subject as
advertise your site your own
website as you advertise there for free
there is not any waste
no money there to advertise your site
and here will be one of the first that is, I
perspective google or yandex than all
it is very easy to eat like this
site
reg.ru
at least on such a site
register and here you are
add add
add your site here site name
and also like but it is called and addresses on
site and here on what am how does this work
the site that is, you install the program
download the program on your computer
enter your username and password there or
just forehead just does not remember just
specify your username and after downloading
that is, open the program will indicate
specify login and you will be shown
advertising that is a small window in which
you will show ads
here are other people who are already too
registered here because of this not
will be browsing and their website they are watching
your site do not look at their site and
it turns out so for this you get here
such is the currency of the mountain ie in this site
what currency then view you get
0 5 and here you add your site
have we do nothing and do not need
watched the tour to my it is possible here
roll here and do all the usual
just just like she herself open
even when here you are just keywords
long ago he opened it will return I have for
minutes of viewing and you here on account
there are such
and you add here here your site has been
site that is add site
here you can advertise up to 5 sites
now his cheats
that is, you click add site
site name numbers soon system then
is and where can you find them say
system
others are such systems that is long
dasava needed to time targeting then
there is when the type of Casco no need not
all this time shows up to 300 seconds
while crossing 30-ku minimum salary one
geo targeting then there is what old need
and the interval between shown ie one
showing in 30 years to 50 seconds
for example after 30 seconds one more bye and
minute when the state is on
pauses
here the settings are very easy so on
you can add a black list
profile affiliate history and here
add here so your site for example
a trowel of a child here in a quick way
if there is no mention remember
between here
if nikita does not indicate the interval
between show that is they go right
all shows almost there in 10 minutes bye
not seeing four thousand times better
specify the name put on between shows
there 3050 seconds that's all day like this
one comes another question as
it turns out one person comes in and
coming out
and here's an example you add a garden you have
and the heat would put a tick that's the strength I
then sparks on the stones today here
specify numbers
if we have two sites , i have three
thousand bone measures thousand
add
1800 and 1800
and now are going to show how
honestly a few seconds they will go this
on my website to google analyst you can
watch what shows people are
from different countries no longer get it
works very cool in general I will write here
my website that jumped up and
biohumus sales find my site
now
before on technicians was on the first
page here is my site on the second page
This is the theme here.
advertises people pay for advertising here
this is hummus. bit hand.
I did not deceive you everything works I just
no longer advertised forgot
a little bit today I remembered what more often
here you advertise who will be on the first
place for different requests
that is, if you have more to show than
your competitors mean you will
here is the first row
one of the first on this request were
also the index is very good because
thanks for watching and don't forget
subscribe to my channel everyone good luck everyone
until